we have the opportunity to
interview Biz Stone
he's like from New up Twitter
okay
patco founder of Twitter and
which is affected so
many people up whether or not
you've ever heard and you heard
Twitter so that counts in my
book as a person hume from pop
culture
and hear somebody like so many
of these internet
tech entrepreneurs who didn't
graduate college
and so was his story you hear
people
like that tell their stories
they see the world
really different not in a weird
quirky way
they see it in and insightful in
his case
soul actually came to
whose world the Twitter as a
graphic artist
so he thinks not only in
tech ways he thinks im
imagery he thinks im way thinks
almost spiritually
about a person's encounter with
the proctor an idea
and to hear
that come out in conversation
I I was just I was I didn't even
wanna have to speak
gonna have to grab to guide the
conversation we get the topics I
just want to sit there and
listen
the whole time so starting with
his cool name
ending with just how sensitively
he reflected
on the Arab Spring which which
germinated with him the efforts
of people tweeting
about movements seeing how his
idea
left the workplace
and became a toward revolutions
I want to find out about them